# Building.

Build the program by creating a build directory inside the root of the project and from this build directory run
```cmake ..```, then ```make```.

# Running.

Default build output location is in the bin directory. Run the output program "surface_reconstruction" from this directory. Command line prompt will take relative file input and other parameters.

# Supported File Formats.

Four different file formats are currently supported. Two test formats and two formats intended for use with real data. Running the program will prompt the user with which format to use. The options are "test, alttest, real, new". 

The "test" format uses test data created when sampling ground truth meshes. Data in this format is expected to have points separated by spaces, contours delimited by semi-colons and slices delimited by newlines.

The "alttest" format uses the test data generated by the alternative method for creating test data from images. Contours are stored similar to real data. Slices are stored in seperated files. The first line in a file corresponds to the number of points $n$ in a contour. The following $n$ lines correspond to contour points. 

Similarly, the "real" format stores slices in seperate files. The first line again denotes the number of points in a contour. The next line of a stored contour is the starting position, which is followed by byte offset values to represent the rest of the contour.

# Extra Notes.
This program does not perform any rendering. Meshes are output to .ply format (renderable in Meshlab and Blender).

This program is at a proof-of-concept stage of development. Experimental features and uninmplemented cases may be present.